index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Welcome
order: 1
---
[The German-speaking OSM-related Telegram group (OSM D-A-CH)](https://t.me/OSM_de) opened a [GitHub organization](https://github.com/OSM-de) to centrally source OpenStreetMap-related developments. Please enjoy browsing the projects.

# **OSM_de's projects**

### [Mentor API](https://github.com/OSM-de/mentorAPI){:target="_blank"}

Mentor API is a project for storing contact (e-mail, social media etc.) and approximately location information about the user who wants to provide help and who provides this kind of information to the (non)authorized public by entering it into mentorAPI's database by using mentorAPI or one of the frontends available for it. 

### [Web to OpenStreetMap opening_hours](https://github.com/OSM-de/WebToOSMOH){:target="_blank"}

This tool allows you to paste any website content giving opening hours of a place and returns a value for the opening_hours-tag.<br/>
It can be used [directly](https://www.webmapping.cyou/WebToOSMOH){:target="_blank"} without forking the repository beforehand.<br/>
![Usage Counter](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=%233866af&label=no.%20of%20conversions&query=%24.value&url=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.countapi.xyz%2Fget%2Fosm-de-telegram%2Fwebtoosmoh-usage&style=for-the-badge)

# **Member's projects**

### [noteSolver JOSM plugin](https://github.com/kmpoppe/noteSolver){:target="_blank"} by [kmpoppe](/members/#kmpoppe)

This plugin for JOSM allows resolving a Note directly after uploading some changes.<br/>
[![GitHub All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/kmpoppe/noteSolver/total?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kmpoppe/noteSolver/releases/latest)

### [fhrsPlugin JOSM plugin](https://github.com/kmpoppe/fhrsPlugin){:target="_blank"} by [kmpoppe](/members/#kmpoppe)

This plugin for JOSM allows to use the FHRS API (for the United Kingdom) to merge data into OpenStreetMap.<br/>
[![GitHub All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/kmpoppe/fhrsPlugin/total?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kmpoppe/fhrsPlugin/releases/latest)

Commit message:

Update Projects on index page / jekyll build

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Welcome
order: 1
---
[The German-speaking OSM-related Telegram group (OSM D-A-CH)](https://t.me/OSM_de) opened a [GitHub organization](https://github.com/OSM-de) to centrally source OpenStreetMap-related developments. Please enjoy browsing the projects.

# **OSM_de's projects**

### [Mentor API](https://github.com/OSM-de/mentorAPI){:target="_blank"}

Mentor API is a project for storing contact (e-mail, social media etc.) and approximately location information about the user who wants to provide help and who provides this kind of information to the (non)authorized public by entering it into mentorAPI's database by using mentorAPI or one of the frontends available for it. 

### [Web to OpenStreetMap opening_hours](https://github.com/OSM-de/WebToOSMOH){:target="_blank"}

This tool allows you to paste any website content giving opening hours of a place and returns a value for the opening_hours-tag.<br/>
It can be used [directly](https://www.webmapping.cyou/WebToOSMOH){:target="_blank"} without forking the repository beforehand.<br/>

![Usage Counter](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=%233866af&label=no.%20of%20conversions&query=%24.value&url=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.countapi.xyz%2Fget%2Fosm-de-telegram%2Fwebtoosmoh-usage&style=for-the-badge)

### [Greasemonkey Script](https://github.com/OSM-de/osm-org-greasemonkey){:target="_blank"}

If you are using the [Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/de/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) addon for Firefox, you can install a powerful script using [this](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/OSM-de/osm-org-greasemonkey@master/osm-org-greasemonkey.user.js) link directly into your browser.

When using openstreetmap.org with it, you will have direct access to Mapillary and KartaView links that point to the same map area, multiple tools from the sidebar such as OSMCha (for Changesets), OSM Deep History and Nominatim (for other Objects) or a link to create an Overpass History request when you're looking at a Note.

Also, when you're looking into your profile's "My Notes" page, you will have the option to filter only unresolved notes for a better overview.

![jsDelivr hits (GitHub)](https://img.shields.io/jsdelivr/gh/hm/OSM-de/osm-org-greasemonkey?style=for-the-badge)

# **Member's projects**

### [noteSolver JOSM plugin](https://github.com/kmpoppe/noteSolver){:target="_blank"} by [kmpoppe](/members/#kmpoppe)

This plugin for JOSM allows resolving a Note directly after uploading some changes.<br/>
[![GitHub All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/kmpoppe/noteSolver/total?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kmpoppe/noteSolver/releases/latest)

### [fhrsPlugin JOSM plugin](https://github.com/kmpoppe/fhrsPlugin){:target="_blank"} by [kmpoppe](/members/#kmpoppe)

This plugin for JOSM allows to use the FHRS API (for the United Kingdom) to merge data into OpenStreetMap.<br/>
[![GitHub All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/kmpoppe/fhrsPlugin/total?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kmpoppe/fhrsPlugin/releases/latest)
